# this course 067
I decided to take this course because the topic was of interest and I wanted to learn more about the way companies have in the recent years been developing their approach to ICT projects and development. As the speed to market and responsiveness seems of essence so much more than in the past, I was curious to learn more about DevOps as concept and lao to learn some examples and practicalities related to the topic. I have not worked and probably will not work in the near future in this mode myself but I think it is important to understand the approach as most of the development currently seems to follow the principles. I am not working in ICT department but to keep up with the latest developments and the vocabulary seemed important. I had been involved in the site developments earlier on, and the continuous deployment models seemed quite interesting. In other words I wanted to learn more about the topic to see if it would be of further interest to me. The fact that I had very little knowledge of the topic before starting the course was of course somewhat an issue, but I trusted the introduction, which stressed the fact that no prior knowledge of the topic was required. At this point of studies I think that some more background on web development might have been useful and I would think that this information could be stressed more in the introduction of the course. Since the course timeline is designed so that the project can be started before one knows if the quiz which determines if the started or the advanced project can be chosen, I would think that it might be more fair to students to publish the quiz before the project, so that the students would not have to change from starter to advanced due to possible technical problems quiz, which led to part of the quiz questions being answered wrongly as happened to me and therefore I needed to take this advanced project. But nevertheless, this enables one to learn more.
